two days ago I had this nice simple life
I know it's a nightmare
[Music]
I'm stopped
who are you
[Music]
my name is Sarah Connor I never seen one
like you before almost human
I am human
why do you care what happens to her
because I was her
now do we win we win by keeping you
alive
[Music]
so what brings you here tonight when our
consultant what does that mean we
accomplished bank robber truly Sutton
was asked why he robbed banks sudden
remark because that's where the money is
[Music]
if somewhere alive today wouldn't be
robbing banks
you'd be robbing the wealthy that's very
important
bingo I'm not gonna do this forever I
think I have two more than I've done
than amount it's adorable
your father was into me for quite a bit
this seems to me like maybe you're
trying to clean up on a dad's messes you
think he goes the other way I want it
we're talking about come on you could
use my help mercury I'm Karen ELISA kids
have a great time
you're such a cute couple thank you
why are you following me FBI in the past
three years you and your pals are taken
down over 75 million dollars in black
market art why what do you want from me
[Music]
the man with the plan this one is big
one more little job and you and me are
done what are the options my options are
die or not dying okay you're not tying
me you don't slip up
[Music]
it might not be you it might be a
unstable girlfriend I pulled a brother
there's always a crash
about a moment of silence
[Music]
how many more loans do you wanna do okay
so where we start
how's the physical intimacy Billy
my name is Wes and I misrepresent the
wandering nomads gold yeah what'd he say
the clothes new toilet paper all over
our house you see a problem I see a kid
with a vivid imagination he didn't say
he was pretending to be a Mongolian he
said he is one oh my god are those my
uggs go change now I was late when is
the last time that anybody in this
family really felt alive
where's is waking up I'm not doing the
city dad did mom text you to off to
Mongolia
what brings you to Mongolia
my son has decided that he's the native
hi my name is Ismail I'm good filmmaker
from India my friends are trying to get
to their Glock Joe where that is I do
not so fast buddy but you're not even
Mongolian in that case you're gonna want
to talk to my friend but gonna take you
a little bit longer to get there
depending how much you like to push say
go to Mongolian
so I don't blame you I was a nun for 25
minutes
we can look your weird nun
[Music]
if you have a realize you're not where
you belong don't be afraid
leave all behind and come
thank you how do you know how to do this
YouTube
[Music]
ah 9i you need to spend more time here
with a family where are you going be
back before dinner
be careful out there no boy gotta cover
it fine I just want to escape dad always
wanted me to travel the world someday
[Music]
Oh who's the Yeti on my roof
hey boy or girl
yeah you're definitely a boy I don't
know where you came from
he escaped
I want my Yeti back is that your home no
way
and we'll make sure you get home work to
your family everything's just a kid
yourself this is you and your parents
know you have your mother's eyes there
are people looking for you you can do
Maggie
this is impossible I wish dad were here
to see this yeah ma Beijing is great Oh
thing is uh thanks fine
you're gaining on it
was this your dad's violin my dad used
to play for me every night like he was
telling me that no matter how hard the
journey gets never give up it's
beautiful you did that II I did
when he sets her mind on something
nothing is impossible I've got
blueberries in places where blueberries
should never be no race was ever won in
the first corner but many have been lost
that I should know I was born to be a
race car driver but there's only one
problem that's not me that's me
[Applause]
he picked me out of a pile of pops
tangled mass of paws and Tails this
woman definitely this one the pick of
the litter she always said that well
just a minute now we were thinking of
keeping them he always said that true
hey call it fate call it luck all I knew
was I was meant to be his dog you like
that
like it I loved it
sound smells I felt like I truly
belonged in racing your car goes where
your eyes go not really much of a dog
person it's more person than dog Denny
was clearly taken with her grooming she
probably bathed every day for all I knew
does he always stare at people like this
if he likes them
the best drivers don't dwell on the
future or the past
the best drivers focus only on the
present
control
no one knows what curves life will throw
it
but if a driver has the courage to
create his own conditions and the rain
is simply rain
but for now all I want is one more lap
where bastard any faster
oh boy c'mere it must be amazing to have
a body that can carry an entire creature
inside I just hoped it would look like
me
[Music]
lady white am i alive you are a toy you
belong to Bonnie these are your friends
woody I have a question
well actually not just one I have all
the questions who wants to go on road
trips you need help with that no no I
got it oh this is a little strange but
we all have to make sure nothing happens
to four key buzz we gotta get quite
Roger that
[Music]
change of plans Jesse ham but both Rex
potato hey watch it buddies
let's go save us pork do I need to be
worried
my guys are veterans they'll hang in
there
Oh
I know the perfect toy to help
do kaboom Canada's greatest stuntman oh
yeah I'm posing yeah do quick hold on
one more oh yeah what you'll save me
I've known that guy my whole life
today's
[Music]
is that how we look on the inside
there's so much needs for kids Oh
Sheriff would you always come into the
rescue
that's gonna be quite a jump for you and
Duke for me
let's kaboom
[Music]
before he's being kept how do we get
that key what about the old plush rush
there you go oh where did you two come
from well we're not doing that
[Music]
no mage the Vallot new nanny even its
1927 queer modern folk
[Music]
the king and queen are coming to Downton
what
[Music]
I want every surface to gleam and
sparkle
a royal luncheon a parade under dinner
I'm going to have to sit down
how's it all going
Aries got it under control hardly
I need your help a custom I'll be there
in the morning milady don't you worry
[Music]
[Applause]
so we really go on with it you mean
leave Downton
Downton Abbey's the heart of this
community and you're keeping it beating
[Music]
remember to pray for us I'll put in a
word
[Applause]
your Majesties welcome to Downton Abbey
do you have enough cliches to get you
through the visit if not I'll come to
you
here we go
[Music]
you
command for I already come I need to
speak to the captain this is the captain
sir or testo Peter's angry 142 degrees
in Rising one four eight one four eight
request permission to fire prior to
authorize window we're in another
position permission denied
say your prayers I'm not a religious man
what do we have two acoustic events once
more one large 3.9 on the rector mother
of God
we've lost the submarine get out of
there
we can't leave
captain weird something happened to the
course
we have the equipment bring those men to
the surface if your help is needed we
will heat the leather know we're alive
then we evaluate our escape options does
everyone understand that
Admiral are they injured
[Music]
tightness of the essence i employees
accept our help
[Music]
and we'll try it again trust me they
will sing a song the one for me I wish I
were young yeah we don't want no trouble
that's just the way isn't it you don't
think trouble but sometimes trouble once
you sit well you get me to the soldiers
that came by this morning it's too
dangerous
up north they kill us you sure you want
to follow him but he will turn there
they close
what are you doing I don't want no
trouble
aya said my rock I said why we said my
young spinning me you know what it's
like to have a white phone I take
everything you have don't ya - bye
my lover a sword Oh
what's your name again Claire I'm not
your boy I'm an Ghana the black bird
oh he wish I wish I wish it babe you
wife ones go fast fast fast it Noah
I go slow I wish I had my love game to
get the bird thought she was going to
die up there in the forest
[Music]
suddenly I'm Rick Dalton it's my
pleasure
then mr. Schwartz I mean mouthing put it
down bet your son no that's my stunt
double cliff booth last night we watched
a Rick Dalton double feature shooting I
love that stuff you're too old to
killing a lot of killing
[Music]
seems
oh there you can do anything you want to
hired you to be an actor wick not a TV
cowboy alright what's the matter partner
it's official old buddy Here I am flat
on my ass
I got little neck stormy I'm Sharon Tate
I'm in the movie you're in this that's
me I play Miss Carlson the klutz
well there ain't no dream Charlie's
gonna take you and the gospel group
[Music]
[Applause]
in this town I can all change like that
hey you're Rick Dalton don't you
forget it
[Music]
[Applause]
you